You should never try to push anybody to do something they don't want to
do. Um, if someone's talking about suicidal thoughts, but they haven't
mentioned that they do want to commit suicide, then of course,
you should listen to yourself. If if it got to you in the first place,
then obviously they must trust you enough for them to share their
thoughts. Um, in some cases, it might be a little bit, um, more than
just just talk and you don't feel comfortable with them leaving. They
didn't say that they want to commit suicide, but you could tell
that, um who knows what could happen tonight? Maybe they might speak
with an ex girlfriend. Maybe they might have an argument with your
wife. Um, maybe it's getting later. And you think they might go drinking?
Uh, and you don't want to risk it. So in that case, um, one suggestion
will be toe kind of guide them Thio victims victims advocate.
Even though they didn't mention, um, suicide. You might just wanna
mention that to them so that they could just at least chat it out.
You might want to talk to the chaplain. Um, just say Hey, you know
what? Like, uh, come with me up to the religious office and, you know,
here's someone to talk to, um, another, another ways toe. Have a
friend just go with them. It's like, Hey, Petty Officer Roland, what
are you doing now? I think he's about to go. Go ahead, out. Do you
think you might wanna hang out with him for a while and kind of see
what's going on? Um, here's my phone number. Just make sure that you
contact me because e think this might be going on. So a friend, the
chaplain, the V A and yourself, you know, those are the resource is
that someone having suicidal thoughts might go to